DOCS-5039 Using USM Metrics in Monitors, SLOs, and Dashboards Edit (#17239)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/universal_service_monitoring/guide/using_usm_metrics.md

{{< img src="universal_service_monitoring/guide/service_catalog_slo_setup.png" alt="Setting up a Universal Service Monitoring SLO for BITSBOUTIQUE" style="width:100%;" >}}

Optionally, to create an SLO manually using USM metrics:
 
1. Navigate to **Service Management** > **SLOs** and click [**New SLO**][15].
2. Select **Metric Based** and create two queries in the **Good events (numerator)** section:
   

>    * Query A: Enter a USM metric such as `universal.http.server`, an `env` primary tag in the `from` field, and select `service` to the right of `all values` to scope the SLO to an individual service. 

Reviewer: for now, we recommend filtering to a specific service, instead of grouping by service

Author: ```suggestion
   * Query A: Enter a USM metric such as `universal.http.server`, an `env` primary tag in the `from` field, and filter the SLO to a specific `service` to the right of `all values`. 
```

>    * Query B: Enter a USM metric such as `universal.http.server`, an `env` primary tag and an `error:true` tag in the `from` field, and select `service` to the right of `all values` to scope the SLO to an individual service. 

Author: ```suggestion
   * Query B: Enter a USM metric such as `universal.http.server`, filter to a specific service by adding a `service` and an `env` primary tag, in addition to an `error:true` tag in the `from` field, and select `count` in the `as` field`. 
```

3. Click **+ Add Formula** and enter `a-b`.

> 4. In the **Total events (denominator)** section, enter a USM metric such as `universal.http.server`, an `env` primary tag in the `from` field, and select `service` from the `all values` dropdown menu.

Author: ```suggestion
4. In the **Total events (denominator)** section, enter a USM metric such as `universal.http.server`, filter to a specific service by adding primary `service` and `env` tags in the `from` field, and select `count` in the `as` field.
```

5. Click **+ New Target** to create a target threshold with the following settings:

>    * The time window is `90 Days`, the target threshold is `95%`, and the warning threshold is `99.5%`. Datadog recommends setting the same target threshold across all time windows.

Reviewer: We like to suggest 7 days instead of 90 days

Author: ```suggestion
   * The time window is `7 Days`, the target threshold is `95%`, and the warning threshold is `99.5%`. Datadog recommends setting the same target threshold across all time windows.
```
